once upon a time a gentle breeze
whistled through olive and chewy trees
across a tranquil Lake through an
amphitheater and gazebo and over a
two-million-year-old pinnacle garden
where nearby the grand doors of majestic
Georgian mansion opened inviting you to
your dream wedding welcome to pee or
manor house I'm crab McManus manager of
this amazing family run business our
passion is helping you fulfill your
fairytale wedding
our highly experienced wedding
coordinators can assist in every detail
of your special day leaving new stress
free and able to enjoy the special time
in your life the way it was intended a
Cinderella carriage limousine vintage
cars helicopters whatever your budget
whatever your desire we're here for you
peel manor is a secluded hideaway for
you and your guests situated 10 and a
half acres the home boasts 16
extra-large well-appointed rooms
downstairs enjoy your touch of billiards
relax at the baby ground everything is
catered for you in-house so all you need
to think about is which 16 nearby
wineries you might like to visit make
your special day the fairy tale you've
always dreamed call hill manor house
today